so guys I am fucking pumped to see this
shit here we go let's do it let's do it
dude do it was good come from Earth a
planet of Outlaws my name is Peter quill
there's one of the name you might know
me by star-lord who star-lord man
legendary outlaw guys forget it
ah
so here we are thief Chris Pratt
but we're not going to stand by his evil
wipes out the galaxy I guess we're stuck
together are you telling me the face 12
billion people let's learn close these
criminal
nah
Oh
oh this looks awesome as fuck I see
closer why it's giving us a chance
something
oh I don't get that longer widespread
anyway
no thing like me set me they call
themselves the guardians of the galaxy
this might not be the best idea yo
that looks fucking incredible this is
the first Marvel film I've genuinely
been like apt America was really good
but I mean like I'm genuinely site to
see this fucking shit looks dope